Update issue templates (#196)
ldtteam/Structurize: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report---if-you-have-a-reproducible-in-game-issue.md

---

> name: Bug Report - If you have a reproducible in-game issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Bug Report (If you have a reproducible in-game issue)
```

> about: Please follow the given template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Please follow the given template.
```

title: ''
labels: Bug
assignees: Nightenom

---

<!-- PLEASE DO NOT DELETE TOPICS AS YOUR ISSUE WILL GET CLOSED -->

> ### Prerequisites <!-- replace "space" with "x" for ticking the boxes -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites <!-- Replace spaces with "x" to tick boxes. -->
```

- [ ] I am running the latest **alpha** version of Structurize for my Minecraft version.

> - [ ] I checked the MineColonies/Structurize [Wiki](https://wiki.minecolonies.ldtteam.com/) and made sure that my issue is not covered there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I checked the MineColonies/Structurize [wiki](https://wiki.minecolonies.ldtteam.com/) and made sure my issue is not covered there.
```

- [ ] I made sure that **this issue is not a duplicate of any existing issue.**

> ### Context <!-- Exact version, eg: 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE, please don't just give the Minecraft version you're playing.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Context <!-- Exact Structurize and MineColonies (if related) versions (e.g. 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE) *and* the Minecraft version you're playing, please.-->
```

- Minecraft Version:
- Structurize Version:

> - Minecolonies Version (if related):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MineColonies Version (if related bug):
```

> - Related Mods and Their Versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Related Mods and their Versions:
```

## Expected behavior
<!-- What would you expect to see if this feature was working as intended? -->

## Actual behavior

> <!-- What actually happens when this feature is used in it's current state?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- What actually happens when this feature is used in its current state?
```

Try to give as much detail as possible here to help us properly understand the issue. -->

> <!-- If you have any videos, images or logs relating to this issue, please post them here also. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If you have any videos or images relating to the issue, please post them here as well. -->
```

Author: Crashlogs are elsewhere, edited

## Steps to reproduce the issue

<!-- What should we do to make this issue show up in our own game?
     Try to give as much detail as possible here too so it's easier for us to reproduce this issue. -->

1. <!-- Do this -->
2. <!-- And then this -->

> 3. <!-- So that this happens -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. <!-- So that this happens -->
4. ...Profit
```

Author: Removed on purpose

### Logs

> <!-- Add your latest.log and crashlog (if you got one) to https://gist.github.com/ and put the link below. Those are often important in figuring out where issues are. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Add your latest.log and crashlog (if you have one) to https://gist.github.com/ and put the link below. These are often important in figuring out where issues are. -->
```

- latest.log: <!-- USE GIST DON'T DIRECT UPLOAD PLEASE -->
- crashlog: <!-- USE GIST DON'T DIRECT UPLOAD PLEASE -->

### Notes
<!-- Add any other context about the problem here. -->

---
## Viewers

* Add a thumbs-up to the bug report if you are also affected. This helps the bug report become more visible to the team and doesn't clutter the comments.

> * Optionally add a comment with any insight and background you have that isn't already part of the conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a comment if you have any insights or background information that isn't already part of the conversation.
```
